## Purpose and Audience ##
These conference calls are meant for the Che adoptors and contributors to chat about some project development details (can be planning, concerns, or more technical details). The goal is to better synchronize and organize efforts of the various contributors in order to make Che better.

It's open to anyone interested. You don't need to have a long history with Che to attend the talk, listen and ask relevant questions.

## When and Where ##
These meetings take place every second Monday, 8:00 AM PST. You can be part of the meeting (mic + chat + video cam) with [BlueJeans](https://bluejeans.com/478856747/4056). Chat link updated 22-Aug-17.

## Call Moderators
Che maintainers moderate the calls. The schedule of moderators is in a [Google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10iCqmk1eM216kQFIgLlOcTY1arbbRUrjzqsgQKlZ08g/edit#gid=0).
***

# 01-OCT-2018
The next Che dev meeting will take place on Monday 1 October 2018. You are welcomed to add the topics you would like to discuss during the call: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFT0x7N3WXMFHI_CYJtKHMfxdMtEfBRWwgbmeFCucNE/edit#)

# 17-SEP-2018
## Agenda
- Release version vs. Master version (or Che 7 / WS.Next) - QA level, Different Fix policy, Double Maintenance
- Che WS Master bootstrapper, stdout, K8s Pod restart (refer also to WS.Next)

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AJZRnPN0POH23FyKsLm4FA4du1pcuFuibpi1if5eRDI/edit)

# 3-SEP-2018
## Agenda
- Imminent switch to jdt.ls in Che 6 

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DzMQxW9TpPlxs0U_ujjegjXX2BUMd25Pq9q99mfgTIA/edit?usp=sharing)

# 20-AUG-2018
## Agenda
- Che 6.x timeline
- Workspace restart strategy
- Accessibility, Localization, Internationalization

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OODjdZXMM4TKb9-2GCMHBQTs-pYjTkXjJ_TNzUC-PcM/edit)

# 6-AUG-2018
## Agenda
- Security
- Scalability and high availability
Minutes are in: [Google Doc] (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F33n2pQyJHyu9jcVXjXCFqworNg3gpvmhco0ULwloDE/edit#heading=h.2baooh7o19a8)


# 16-JULY-2018
## Agenda
Dedicated session to:
- Log - https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/10290  
- Trace - https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/10298  
- Monitor - https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/10329 

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yF6DjW6chfuit-oHZmrGqvv2-1Y2tSN1j4YLhQPgVCM/edit#)

# 9-JULY-2018
## Agenda

1. Overview of Workspace.next
2. Review of logging, tracing, analytics epics (deferred to next meeting)

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19V5l8cVyhfDyhoaATIkLlt7NRbGIMS9dNgvotGMU0ys/edit)


# 25-JUNE-2018
## Agenda


1. Feedbacks from Eclipse Con France
2. Telemetry, Monitoring and Logging in Eclipse Che
3. Conferences for late October: Eclipse Con EU & Che/Theia day

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qrLyknhv9-1J7Oj5ZR74FrBiSWQipNRFayaYOSQ2xxo/edit#heading=h.o6hsjafth35v)

# 11-JUNE-2018
## Agenda

1. Authentication in Next.Gen Che
2. Eclipse Con France
3. Eclipse Con Europe - Che & Theia contributors summit
4. Blog topics
5. Improving our community calls
5. New capabilities (agents) on current Che

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yvpmOHY2j8tw19ol-CgeD-2p7cnzVddqij2Ue92q2ds/edit?usp=sharing)

# 28-MAY-2018
## Agenda
1. Use a single document for the Community Call Agenda
2. PR https://github.com/eclipse/che/pull/9826 
3. Eclipse Con EU
4. Status on Extensibility / Plugin

Minutes are in: [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kp1F2-hdi-Cm5IrZzNHZE6xENRY0NCS9EnpwvK6zdMU/edit?usp=sharing)

# Minutes 14-MAY-2018
## Agenda

1. Handling of issues with severity/blocker label
2. RedHat Summit + KubeCon read out
3. Release planning and community roadmap

Minutes are in: [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13UG7Jiam6fdxduETKv3Rc3iquQhrJq7XKbVA74DTuzY/edit?usp=sharing)

[Recording](TODO)


# Minutes 16-APR-2018
## Agenda

1. Consolidating the stacks
2. Hot Update (#8547)
3. CI for kubernetes infrastructure
4. Branding dashboard question(https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/8421 )
5. Eclipse Theia proposal
6. Welcome to Guy Daich and introducing Dave Neary
7. Keycloak configurability

Minutes are in: [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p0Li9SeUcowy6AW5aVVpgKh6bRNgHHPuD3CMGJ94Gos/edit#)

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/B_oPF)

# Minutes 02-APR-2018
## Agenda

1. Type A/B - License Compatibility Certification
2. Workspace.Next implementation plan
3. Blogging - open invitation
4. Roadmap
5. Workspace logging

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w1BWMiHJHa-bSfYnSYcNjCXMl-9IM4EqvmwlnMYu8Jc/edit)

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/F4FVo/)

# Minutes: 19-MAR-2018
## Agenda

1. Kubernetes SPI - Mario
2. Workspace recovering after disasters - Mario

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xYhF3iiKaboIhHRng-prBuPWJ2HLfqP7MxCrpirMJJ8/edit?usp=sharing).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/J1KC@)


# Minutes: 05-MAR-2018
## Agenda

1. Explain guides for PR flow - Segii


Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FR5UjquA4dJUjBRK9Ncn5iCgUXGk2R1wlBLWh4ricLA/edit#heading=h.gecm5gxb51ub).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/8z_zj)


# Minutes: 05-FEB-2018
## Agenda

1. Introductions (if needed) - Gorkem
2. The state of the Che 6 release - Roman
3. Documentation for Che 6 and going forward - Eugene
4. Update on kubernetes SPI implementation - Sergii

Minutes are in [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bxpBC9ZDg80Sv8XMSJz1pzAmnsAa6pIKzT4mryuAjaE/edit#)


# Minutes: 22-JAN-2018
## Agenda
1. Introduction to CloudToGo - Hongxi (CloudToGo)
2. Reminder on GSoC 2018 - Stevan (Red Hat)
3. Che 6 GA - Stevan (Red Hat)
4. K8s support for Che 6 - Gorkem (Red Hat)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KZUuLl7uaa214SN-XiUAXiRp3PXR_if7wWBmhOd3He0/edit#).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/zExZQ)


# Minutes: 08-JAN-2018
## Agenda
1. Latest update from Che - Gorkem (Red Hat)
2. JS API status - Gorkem (Red Hat)
3. Teletype integration demo - Sun (Red Hat)
4. Performances Improvement and JDT.LS - Stevan (Red Hat)
5. CLANGD Language Server - Hanno (Silexica)
6. Internationalisation - Hongxi (Cloud To Go)
7. Migrating of connector done on Che5 for specific container orchestrator - Hongxi (Cloud To Go)
8. Kubernetes Connector for Che - Guy Daich (SAP)
9. Network isolation - Guy Daich (SAP)
10. Conferences and Meetups - Hongxi (Cloud To Go)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I4R9svIt-X2UEPtZq-zxuNamfiJwrh_3d0I3uLJrawg/edit#).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/V2aLA)

# Minutes: 11-DEC-2017
## Agenda
1. Release documentation and marketing - Gorkem Ercan (Red Hat)
2. Blog post on Docker checkpoint with criu - Florent Benoit (Red Hat)
3. Status on teletype in Che - Sun Tan (Red Hat)
4. CheConf update - now targeted for mid-February 2018 - Brad Micklea (Red Hat)
5. Moving Che6 on master and Che5 on bugfix branch - Gennady Azarenkov (Red Hat)
6. The way how to solve different vision on UX design of Eclipse Che Sergii Kabashniuk (Red Hat)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a2L5J1NUWCoE_lPvczqmiFRGYpC2ubTPXDMyCgVA-co/edit).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/playback/s/wx7KbGK8xikQl7xCyx0oQmuwbZZbwpc3jhzoAeUBDwOlTYQLPABPVwYjnRZ53BUK)

# Minutes: 27-NOV-2017
## Agenda

1. Update on Che 6 GA plan and release - Stevan LeMeur (Red Hat)
2. C/C++ intellisense / ClangD support for Che - Hanno Kolvenbach (Silexica)
3. Che in Che development - Sergii Kabashniuk (Red Hat)
4. Che IDE extensibility with JS plugins - Evgen Vidolob (Red Hat)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X-FgyawYUyiNfFlr9i-9XYh55vOVXp9GVwTujGGaOE4/edit#).

[Recording](https://bluejeans.com/s/Tz68h/)

# Minutes: 13-NOV-2017
## Agenda

1. JS Extension points - Vitalii Parfonov (Red Hat)
2. Sidecars - Sergii Kabashniuk (Red Hat)
3. GWT Improvements - Vitalii Parfonov (Red Hat)
4. CheConf - Pushed to February - Stevan Le Meur (Red Hat)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jF38p1KHLVxvOSc1NtyvkBziJrmGegEx9-QBZGRFuMw/edit#).

# Minutes: 30-OCT-2017
## Agenda

1. Update on EclipseCon Europe - Stevan Le Meur (Red Hat)
2. SAP Che use case - Ido Perea (SAP)
3. Software AG use case - Barry Dresdner (Software AG)
4. More communication with the community - Stevan Le Meur (Red Hat)
5. CheConf 2017 - Brad Micklea (Red Hat)

Minutes are in [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCPQ_070TmQqiaP9NgX415nk96k6jTFvKN4SuVX7ygw/edit?ts=59f731d6#heading=h.ly09ur7fsmgi). The meeting was also [recorded](https://bluejeans.com/s/VTNBJ).

# Minutes: 16-OCT-2017
## Agenda
You can read the notes on the following [Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ViUyMbcbOOUPWC2aFCN1mXZPX7B2ux4jwcOnjLSFbOQ/edit). 

# Minutes: 02-OCT-2017

## Agenda

0. bmicklea: Triaging the Che issues and proper labelling.
1. bmicklea: Status of multi-user support in Che and how much of "teams" it brings with it.
4. skabashniuk: Eclipse Che 5.19 and Eclipse Che 6.0-M1 or 6.0-RC1 release plan.
5. skabashniuk: Che 6: single multi-user assembly (Docker + OpenShift) based.
2. bmicklea: JIRA and Jenkins plugins from Codenvy - should we prioritize? 
3. Bmicklea: how do we speed up integration of released Language servers?
7. bmicklea: Where can external contributors / partner companies help us most?  How can we enable them?

Actions:
0. @Brad update pull request template. Add more explanation on the wiki. @mario do a call with Californication team to explain about labels usage in Che
1. Expected to be merge in the current sprint.
4-5. We need additional meetings to provide consolidated vision. @skabashniuk @ivantsov provide some estimation how much memory is used by postgresql and keycloak.
3-7 Not discussed. Moved to the next meeting.
***

# Minutes: 18-SEPT-2017

## Agenda

1. Update on progress toward Che 6 
2. Update on multi-tenant Che running on OpenShift).
3. Changelog structure in PR (Stevan)
4. Critical issue with Che IDE: browser freezes all the time (Sun)
5. Upcoming conferences, events and talks (Stevan)

***

### Multi tenant Che on OpenShift

Auth and permissions are already in the branch. Working on OS tokens and porting resource management from Codenvy. Merge is expected end of next sprint.

### Update on progress toward Che 6 

Work to be done on factories, commands and pull request panel. Setting up tests on Minishift and looking into testing Che 6 on OCP, OpenShift Dedicated.

### Changelog structure in PR
Today, we provide templates for PR with placeholder for docs, related issues that it fixes etc. There's changelog section as well, but it is never used when changelog is generated (only pull request titles are taken into account).

Proposal: Edit PR template with some notes saying that the PR title looks good and is informative. Maybe provide examples of good and bad PR titles. In future, consider adding info on APi changes in changelog (if any).

### Critical issue with Che IDE: browser freezes all the time

Problem: with a few big projects in a workspace, browser tab hangs. It may be related to a lot of pending calls to project API. Needs proper investigations.

Action: Vitaly Parfonov and Eugene Ivantsov will try to reproduce and then prioritize.

### Upcoming conferences, events and talks

There needs to be a page with info on conferences and talks about Che. Also, it will be great to invite community members to Che Conf which is an online Che conference.

# Previous Meetings
- [4-Sept-2017 Minutes](#minutes-4-sept-2017)
- [Older Meetings](#old-meeting-minutes)

***

# Minutes: 4-Sept-2017

## Attendees:

- Stevan Le Meur
- Roman Iuvshyn
- Florent Benoit
- Eugene Ivantsov
- Ann Shumilova
- Gennady Azarenkov
- Sergii Kabashniuk
- Vitaly Parfonov
- Mario Loriedo

## Agenda

1. Define how to communicate about the community call (Stevan)
2. Move community call minutes from CHE wiki ?
3. Put link to che community call inside the CHE product.

## Minutes

### Communicating about the community call
- community meeting runs each second monday
- community meeting should have a permanent link
- we do record each meeting

Proposals:
- we prepare the agenda for the next community call - right after the end of the current one
we post an email + on MM the link to the meeting minutes + the link to the next agenda and invite people to propose their topics to the wiki (or by answering the email + asking in MM)
- Add a link for the call right in IDE which is quite interesting because this way we will cover people that don't know about our twitter or not subscribed to che-dev mail list.
- we will also include a link into the product to the MM channel (action for stevan)


Actions:
- @slemeur create an issue to add links to MM + community call inside the IDE

### Move community call minutes from CHE wiki
Problems:
- We have a lot of wiki pages for the meeting minutes which creates navigation problem, if the reader is just using "Pages" panel

Proposals:
-  archive the old meeting minutes

Also discussed:
- keeping the old meetings can allow people to find interesting information by searching in the wiki
- there is no other place where we could move the meeting minutes

Actions:
- improve the homepage of che's wiki so that it better help the reader to navigate into the content of the wiki. 

***


## Old Meeting Minutes ##
[Minutes: Aug 21, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-August-21,-2017)  
[Minutes: July 10, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-July-10,-2017)  
[Minutes: July 3, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-July-3,-2017)  
[Minutes: May 10, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-May-10,-2017)  
[Minutes: May 2, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-May-2,-2017)  
[Minutes: April 11, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-April-11,-2017)  
[Minutes: April 4, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-April-4,-2017)  
[Minutes: March 28, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-March-28,-2017)  
[Minutes: March 14, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-March-14,-2017)  
[Minutes: March 7, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-March-7,-2017)  
[Minutes: February 28, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-February-28,-2017)  
[Minutes: February 21, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-February-21,-2017)  
[Minutes: February 14, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-February-14,-2017)  
[Minutes: February 7, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-February-7,-2017)  
[Minutes: January 31, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-January-31,-2017)  
[Minutes: January 24, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-January-24,-2017)  
[Minutes: January 17, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-January-17,-2017)  
[Minutes: January 10, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-January-10,-2017)  
[Minutes: January 3, 2017](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-January-3,-2017)  
[Minutes: December 27, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-December-27,-2016)  
[Minutes: December 20, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-December-20,-2016)  
[Minutes: December 13, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-December-13,-2016)  
[Minutes: December 6, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-December-6,-2016)  
[Minutes: November 29, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-November-29,-2016)  
[Minutes: November 22, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-November-22,-2016)  
[Minutes: November 8, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-November-8,-2016)  
[Minutes: November 1, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-November-1,-2016)  
[Minutes: October 18, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-October-18,-2016)  
[Minutes: October 11, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-October-11,-2016)  
[Minutes: October 4, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-October-4,-2016)  
[Minutes: September 27, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-September-27,-2016)  
[Minutes: September 20, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-September-20,-2016)  
[Minutes: September 13, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Minutes:-September-13,-2016)  
[Minutes: July 19, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-07.19.2016)  
[Minutes: July 12, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-07.12.2016)  
[Minutes: July 5, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-07.05.2016)  
[Minutes: June 29, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-06.29.2016)  
[Minutes: June 21, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-06.21.2016)  
[Minutes: June 14, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-06.14.2016)  
[Minutes: June 6, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-06.07.2016)  
[Minutes: May 31, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-05.31.2016)  
[Minutes: May 23, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-05.23.2016)  
[Minutes: May 17, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-05.17.2016)  
[Minutes: May 10, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-05.10.2016)  
[Minutes: April 25, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-04.25.16)  
[Minutes: April 19, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-04.19.16)  
[Minutes: April 12, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes---04.12.16)  
[Minutes: April 5, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-04.05.2016)  
[Minutes: March 29, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes---03.29.2016)  
[Minutes: March 22, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-03.22.2016)  
[Minutes: March 15, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes---03.15.2016)  
[Minutes: March 01, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-03.01.2016)  
[Minutes: February 23, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-02.23.2016)  
[Minutes: February 16, 2016](https://github.com/eclipse/che/wiki/Meeting-Minutes-02.16.2016)  
