Here are the notes of product meeting June 7th, 2016.

######TOPICS DISCUSSED:

1. Review 4.3
2. Documentation items for 4.3
3. Having all issues public

######ACTION ITEMS:
- Gennady: provide feedback on getting ready to prepare the demo packages for DevNation
- Stevan: CODENVY-614 split

######IMPORTANT POINTS ON TOPICS DISCUSSED:


**1. Status of 4.3**

Delaying enabling of autorestore snapshots?  
- Keep the autorestore snapshots
- Keep https://jira.codenvycorp.com/browse/CHE-1276

Remaining work mostly on:
- Bugs  
- Permissions is expected to be merged for the end of the week and heavily tested  
- Private docker registry management

Target for 4.3.0 is still June 15th.


**2. Documentation items for 4.3.0**
- Review and add few items for Stacks, Recipes and Templates
- Finish section about 
- Add documentation about the new factory format introduced with 4.3.0
- Formatting and Styling for plug-ins resource center

**3. Discuss issue management tools
- Having discussed about how to handle issues between GitHub and our private JIRA.
- Main problem is to not expose to the community the complete tracking tools used for the open source project.
- We have been granted a opensource licence for JIRA.

