Here are the notes of product meeting May 31th, 2016.

######TOPICS DISCUSSED:

1. Review 4.3
2. Status on Artik IDE
3. Discuss 4.4 and getting codenvy.com updated with 4.x
4. WS-Agent architecture changes proposed by Alex & Alexander at 1C (NOT PUBLIC)

######ACTION ITEMS:
- ???: Sprint planning will include estimated fix date for each issue in sprint
- Stevan: Investigate changing JIRA dashboard to show fix date so we can estimate release
- Tyler: Setup meeting to discuss expanded Samsung scope with R&D
- Brad: Respond to Billing spec comments

######IMPORTANT POINTS ON TOPICS DISCUSSED:

**1. Status of 4.3**
- Risk on the 1st epic - Viktor moving last issue off of Alex and to someone else - may be okay for this sprint
- Permissions - Sergii identified risk due to change in URL - dashboard work is big (some risk there but Stevan felt it was fine)
- Closed maven epic - moved two remaining major bugs out of epic and kept assigned to 4.3
- Sergii expects regressions once security is merged
- Discuss the release date + the release flow doc - 
- Openshift plug-in build - 

**2. Status on Artik IDE**
- Setup local repo for RPMs that Gregory has shared
- Samsung has no local test repos - we've set one up
- Detecting version on workspace and devices is working in prototype
- Stevan and Eugene have figured out UI for this
- Demo planned for next week
- No work yet on rsync
- Need another meeting on rsync - pure rsync isn't seen as a good idea by team, looking at other options

**3. Discuss 4.4 and getting codenvy.com updated with 4.x**

4.4 will be lighter release focused on:
- DID NOT DISCUSS - RAN OUT OF TIME
- new navigation pattern with a left sidebar consistent across the IDE and the Dashboard. 
- Security improvements
- Transition of codenvy.com to use 4.x

Spec on billing:
- Much simpler than C3
- Needs more discussion of details