## TOPICS DISCUSSED: 

â€‹1. 5.8.0 status  
2. Blocker bugs    
3. Branch Policy  

## PRIMARY TOPICS

### 5.8.0 status 
We our on schedule to meet release 4/13/17. No concerns at this time.

### Blocker bugs
None after meeting.

### Branch Policy
We discussed potentially adding policy for long lived branches in repository. Tyler to write policy to discuss in future meeing.