# PARTICIPANTS:

- Brad Micklea
- Anna Shumilova
- Eugene Ivantsov
- Gennady Azarenkov
- Roman Iuvshyn
- Stevan Le Meur
- Viktor Kuznietsov
- Vitalii Parfonov
- Gorkem Ercan
- Mario Loriedo
- Tyler Jewell
- Florent Benoit (moderator)


# TOPICS DISCUSSED:


1. Status of the community meeting (Gennady)
2. Che on OCP clarification (Stevan)
3. Che email notifications (Stevan)
4. Testing integration in Che ([gh issue](https://github.com/eclipse/che/issues/5978)) (Stevan)

# DETAILED MINUTE:

### Status of the community meeting
Currently : maintainers set roadmap, specs, decisions and publish these decisions. Community can comment, but no way to voice

Expected:
- Should be a bi-weekly call opened to the community
- Community can discuss, review specification, vote on it, being more collaborative
- b/c Che is growing. Willingness to make Eclipse Che core of their development
- People want to have a seat at the table, to be engaged
- look at how che could be separated between che "product" and che "components". Initial draft by Gennady

### Che on OCP clarification
- document on how to move dockerhub stack to OSIO + execute script

### Che email notifications
Viktor: Create issue around Email template for email notifications (used in permissions for example)

Changes to template : 
- remove any references to codenvy
- Use some variables to replace logo and product name

